
I would like to create a site which is for people to use to help them create food recipes at home. Create them , save them, categories them etc and the creation is powered by AI

I am thinking there can be various features that can be used independently or in conjunction with each other. Once I have completed the ideas I have I would like you to research and create a plan how they can work on their own, with each other and also come up with new and natural extensions and additional ideas for the app. We will have a front end for the user and a database for storing everything

1: Whats in the cupboard: This is where the user can have what "is in their cupboard" now and the ai will devise recipe from those ingredients or some of them. IT can devise recipes just suing them or just including them along with other things and ingredients. So a saved section which can be added/amended/deleted etc

2: Always have - this can be where the user can list items 'they always have in' - again saved/edited / updated etc 

3:Saved recipes section where the user can save recipes they have made. Also import recipes they like (pdf/word/image such as photo from phone). Paste in text from somewhere which is a recipe

subsection in saved favs, veggie,vegan,low carb, low calries etc etc . User can create /amend / delete etc

4: Some sort of time categorisation - lazy Sunday, Saturday night dinner party, Tues night quicky for the kids etc

5: calorie count / macro count - best estimates and user needs to be aware of that but may in future add https://world.openfoodfacts.org for api data from UK supermakets

6: Day/weekly meal planner. For individuals or family

7: Shopping list

8: Share on socials

9: Two ai to choose from to see which they prefer

The above is the basis of a starter MVP and as previously mentioned I would like you to research and plan how this could all work together to make a great first version of the app for our users.  Focussing on functionality and usability in this instance. What would be good for the end user . What features, tools etc etc

Also include competitor analysis as part of your research please to try and identify popular must have features, novel and wow ideas and more

Only casually need to be aware of stack at this stage which is next.js, supabase and deployed through vercel. Anthropic and openai api keys power the bits that need ai. PDF Shift for PDF generation. We could install vercel ai SDK5 but only basic features in this first version MVP of the site 

Can you put your findings and results in a md doc please in C:\Users\bryn\Documents\recipeapp\setup

We want a solid MVP but not one that has all the bells and whistles straight away so initially there is no supermarket integration or voice control or smart device intergration or barcode scanning. Lets get all the basic features and must haves setup first

Future versions may include but for now dont include 



https://world.openfoodfacts.org for real life food info from UK supermarkets - no own brands I believe but we would mainly use for nutritional info for calories/intolerances/macros etc

vercel ai sdk5 install and use this for extra ai functionality to wow the users maybe ?

Saved websites to search for recipes - maybe some sort of tool where could insert keywords (chicken/curry/fish/vegetarian etc) and it then searches the saved websites for those keywords to return recipes. SO the saved websites would be recipe ones. Maybe we could create a directory of free public recipe webstes and have directry function built in where they enter the above keywords and app searches those site - this 



